Update knowledge-distillation.mdx (#318)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/unit3/vision-transformers/knowledge-distillation.mdx

The distillation loss is formulated as:

![Distillation Loss](https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/KL-Loss.png)

The KL loss refers to the [Kullback-Leibler Divergence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kullback–Leibler_divergence) between the teacher and the student's output distributions. The overall loss for the student model is then formulated as the sum of this distillation loss with the standard cross-entropy loss over the ground-truth labels.

To see this loss function implemented in Python and a fully worked out example in Python, let's check out the [notebook for this section](https://github.com/johko/computer-vision-course/blob/main/notebooks/Unit%203%20-%20Vision%20Transformers/KnowledgeDistillation.ipynb).

<a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/johko/computer-vision-course/blob/main/notebooks/Unit%203%20-%20Vision%20Transformers/KnowledgeDistillation.ipynb">
  <img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"/>
</a>

## So How Can We Use This to Our Advantage?

> Knowledge distillation became very useful when the machine learning community realized there was great potential in deploying AI models on edge devices. However, we can't just deploy a model that's 1 GB in size and has a 1-second latency for users to use—it’s too big and too slow. These drawbacks are mainly caused by the large size of the model. From that moment, people started distilling models and reducing their parameter count by more than 90% with negligible performance drops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knowledge distillation became very useful when the machine learning community realized there was great potential in deploying AI models on edge devices. However, we can't just deploy a model that's 1 GB in size and has a 1-second latency for users to use — it’s too big and too slow. These drawbacks are mainly caused by the big number of weights of the model. From that moment, people started distilling models and reducing their parameter count by more than 90% with negligible performance drops.
```

### Why Does Knowledge Distillation Work?

> 1. **Entropy Gain**: Distillation helps in transferring the "dark knowledge" (i.e., soft probabilities) from the teacher model to the student model, which contains more information than hard labels. This extra information helps the student model generalize better.

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by "Entropy Gain"?

Author: thanks a lot for your fast reply , you are right , entropy gain has no sense , the more convenient term will likely be "information gain" since by absorbing that cross entropy loss between the 2 distributions (student model output & teacher model output) the model gains "more information" than by absorbing cross entropy loss between (student & groundtruth) 
i got confused between the two terms.

> 1. **Entropy Gain**: Distillation helps in transferring the "dark knowledge" (i.e., soft probabilities) from the teacher model to the student model, which contains more information than hard labels. This extra information helps the student model generalize better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Entropy Gain**: One way distillation works is by transferring the "dark knowledge" (i.e., soft probabilities) from the teacher model to the student model, which contains more information than hard labels. This extra information helps the student model generalize better.
```

> 1. **Entropy Gain**: One way distillation works is by transferring the "dark knowledge" (i.e., soft probabilities) from the teacher model to the student model, which contains more information than hard labels. This extra information helps the student model generalize better.

Reviewer: This is a really interesting fact, could you maybe explain soft probabilities a bit more? Our target audience are mainly beginners, so I think it would help to give some more details about that.

> 2. **Coherent Gradient Updates**: The gradients provided by the teacher model's soft targets help in more stable and coherent updates during training, resulting in a smoother training process for the student model.

Reviewer: Similar to above, maybe you can explain what you mean by soft targets
